Ministering: Rev Kole
 
TOPIC: Spirit of Prophecy is the Testimony of Jesus Christ
 
The first prophecy in the bible: The seed of the woman will bruise the head of the serpent. Genesis 3:15 (KJV)
 
What is a testimony?
 
i) Something that reveals you, what happened to you, your actions and your nature more clearly to others.
 
ii) Proof or evidence that something exists or is true
 
iii) A written or oral witness
 
What is a prophecy?
 
i) The revelation of God's will or message, often of future events
 
ii) Something that declares in advance before it happens
 
What is the spirit of something?
 
i) The heart, the underlying motivation behind what is seen or said.
 
Who is Jesus Christ?
 
i) The only human that walked upon this earth but never had a human father,
 
ii) whose life never had a beginning because he existed with God from eternity past and will live for ever,
 
iii)the only human being that never sinned but he paid the wages of sin which is death,
 
iv) the first-born from the dead directly into eternal life and its glory,
 
v) the life-giver who gives life to all that come to God through him,
 
vi) the only One to whom it is given to politically and spiritually rule all the nations of the world for ever.
 
Where is the phrase? Revelation 19:10(KJV, NLT, Message)
 
Who said this?
 
i) Rev 19:5 (KJV)
ii) Rev 19:9 (KJV, Message)
 
iii) 	i.	The strongest witness of Jesus Christ and of his true identity is the spirit of prophecy.
 
We know this because he said so himself.
 
i.	This means that it is not miracle's, signs and wonders as we are won’t to think in the flesh.
 
Moses performed wonders under Pharaoh….
 
a) See that you perform all those wonders
 
b) Every first born of man and beast in the entire country, except those that had the blood of the Passover lamb at the right place of their residence.
 
c) The blood of the innocent lamb was the salvation. Not the good works of the residents.
 
d) If any Egyptian heard and believed, the angel of death would have passed over his house too !!
 
e) If any of the Israelites that had did not believe, the Angel of death would have killed his own first born also.
 
f) Together with Moses, the 70 elders of israel sat down with God and ate.
 
Elijah performed miracles…
 
a) If you see me taken up to heaven, you will receive a double portion of my spirit
 
b) It will not rain for years, except at my word.
 
Elisha performed twice as many miracles…
 
a) Where is the God of Elijah? Parted the Jordan.
 
Joshua had the sun stand still for 24 hours. The rotation of the earth around the sun was paused !
 
It is not that he was raised from the dead: People were raised from the dead in both the old and new testaments
 
vi) It is not that having died, he’s now alive and lives for ever.
 
1.	Others rose with him ; 	Matthew 27:52-53 (KJV)
 
However:
a) He was the only one that could raise himself from the dead
 
Moses performed wonders under Pharaoh
 
.	Aja to ba maa sonu kii gbo fere ode... The dog that will get lost doesn't pay heed to its owner’s call-back whistle.
 
1.	THE JEWS : 	Witnessed his death on the cross
 
Rev Kole_Wisdom
 
Ministering: Rev. Kole
 
Topic: Wisdom
 
What is wisdom?
 
No formal definition satisfied me. So we will leave it to what you know. To the picture you have in your understanding.
 
What gives anyone a reputation of being wise?
 
1. He is effective
 
2. He doesn't run his mouth
 
3. He isn't ignorant in general or relevant things
 
Ps 111:10-The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom; a good understanding have all they that do his commandments;his praise endureth for ever
 
Prov 7:1-The fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge: but fools despise wisdom and instruction
 
But there’s a difference between from God and other sources
 
Just like success- There’s a good success, and an evil success that’s eventually failure.
 
Examples of people noted as wise:
Joseph, Daniel, Solomon
 
1. Bible says they are
 
2. Because of their impact
 
3. Joseph: Gave instructions on how to protect the people from the coming famine.
 
4.In ancient Babylon, the supernatural was incorporated into their total perception of wisdom
 
They always talked about the wise men and astrologers, as astrology was then used as a tool of  divination
 
5. The wise men from the east
Matt 2:1
 
Matt 2:1“Now when Jesus was born in Bethlehem of Judaea in the days of Herod the king, behold, there came wise men from the east to Jerusalem,”
 
Why were they called wise? By what wisdom did they know that this star pertained unto the birth of anyone, talk less that of the king of the Jews…
 
What were they expecting to gain from the visit? Favour in future? From a future political leader? Maybe to secure political allies in future?
 
My guess is that God led them, like he did Balaam. I believe it has nothing to do with astrology….
 
There’s a natural and a supernatural dimension
 
1. Similar to how you can be cured of malaria
 
2. Like Solomon had enough natural wisdom to ask God for wisdom above wealth etc. The supernatural dimension was now given to him
 
3. Moses' father in law
 
4. The devil was made wise from the beginning. Eze 28:17 corrupted his wisdom. Natural as he was created that way. Didn’t acquire it.
 
Eze 28:17
(KJV)Thine heart was lifted up because of thy beauty, thou hast corrupted thy wisdom by reason of thy brightness: I will cast thee to the ground, I will lay thee before kings, that they may behold thee.
 
The devil does transfer some of this to his people, giving them a demonic, infernal, unholy, destructive, cursed form of wisdom, often at the expense of their soul.
 
Can wisdom be acquired in school? Can a course called wisdom be taught? If such a course was well packaged, can it make anyone wise?
 
How do we know the teacher or the compilers of the curriculum are themselves wise? Can the study  of philosophy make anyone wise? Yes. Can stimulate their thinking.It can also mislead them. Col 2:8
 
(KJV)Col 2:8 Beware lest any man spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after Christ.
 
If Kanye West, a person, rapper, etc can be studied as a university course, in New Washington university, St Louis, Missouri, US, so can wisdom, if anyone chooses. Also Georgia state university.
 
Is wisdom transferable from person to person? Can it be picked up by observation, emulation, association?
 
Transferable? Yes.
Observation? Yes.
 
Emulation? Yes, but less effective. When the process is learnt. But the internal substance cannot be acquired by emulation.
 
Association? Aids observation.
 
Joseph, Wise Men of Babylon, Astrologers
 
Revelation 1:18New Living Translation (NLT)
 
Revelation 1:18 New Living Translation (NLT)
 
I am the living one. I died, but look—I am alive forever and ever! And I hold the keys of death and the grave.[a]